c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\DataCapa.exe.config
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\DataCapa.exe
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\DataCapa.pdb
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\DataCapa.xml
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.g.resources
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.Resources.resources
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.exe
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.xml
c:\users\ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.pdb
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\obj\Debug\DataCapa.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.dll
C:\Users\Ionut\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataCapa\DataCapa\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.xml
